Add commentary on how to get these cmdlets if you don't have them in … (#1046)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/failoverclusters/failoverclusters.md

# FailoverClusters Module
## Description

> This reference provides cmdlet descriptions and syntax for all failover cluster-specific cmdlets. It lists the cmdlets in alphabetical order based on the verb at the beginning of the cmdlet.  If these cmdlets aren't available in your powershell session, you may need to add the `Failover Cluster Module for Windows PowerShell` Feature.  To do that, use this cmd: `Add-WindowsFeature RSAT-Clustering-PowerShell`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reference provides cmdlet descriptions and syntax for all failover cluster-specific cmdlets. It lists the cmdlets in alphabetical order based on the verb at the beginning of the cmdlet.  If these cmdlets aren't available in your PowerShell session, you may need to add the `Failover Cluster Module for Windows PowerShell` Feature.  To do this, use this cmd: `Add-WindowsFeature RSAT-Clustering-PowerShell`.
```

> This reference provides cmdlet descriptions and syntax for all failover cluster-specific cmdlets. It lists the cmdlets in alphabetical order based on the verb at the beginning of the cmdlet.  If these cmdlets aren't available in your powershell session, you may need to add the `Failover Cluster Module for Windows PowerShell` Feature.  To do that, use this cmd: `Add-WindowsFeature RSAT-Clustering-PowerShell`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This reference provides cmdlet descriptions and syntax for all failover cluster-specific cmdlets. It lists the cmdlets in alphabetical order based on the verb at the beginning of the cmdlet.  If these cmdlets aren't available in your PowerShell session, you may need to add the "FailoverClusters" module for Windows PowerShell using the `Add-WindowsFeature RSAT-Clustering-PowerShell` cmdlet.
```
